docs/contribute.md, before:

# How to contribute to Triplea

TripleA is a community project and always looking for new members to join.

If you are interested in supporting the project, just pick a contribution
role from below and find out what you can do to help.

## Contribution Roles

### Overview

- [:game_die: Player](#game_die-Player)
- [:mag: Release Tester](#game_die-Release-Tester)
- [:moneybag: Donor](#moneybag-Donor)
- [:golf: Map Maker](#golf-Map-Maker)
- [:trident: Map Admin](#trident-Map-Admin)
- [:book: Rule Expert](#book-Rule-Expert)
- [:speech_balloon: Lobby Moderator](#speech_balloon-Lobby-Moderator)
- [:bulb: Issue Manager](#bulb-Issue-Manager)
- [:wrench: Developer w/o Merge Rights](#wrench-Developer-wo-Merge-Rights)
- [:hammer: Developer with Merge Rights](#hammer-Developer-with-Merge-Rights)

### :game_die: Player

#### _Skillset_

- No requirements

#### _Contributions_

- Participate in the lobby or the [forum](https://forums.triplea-game.org/)
- Test
  and [report bugs](https://github.com/triplea-game/triplea/issues/new?assignees=&labels=Problem&template=problem_report.md&title=)
  on GitHub

#### _How to become one_

- [Download](https://triplea-game.org/) TripleA and play

### :mag: Release Tester

#### _Skillset_

- No requirements

#### _Contributions_

- Especially for new releases test
  and [report bugs](https://github.com/triplea-game/triplea/issues/new?assignees=&labels=Problem&template=problem_report.md&title=)
  on GitHub, **BUT**: For any problems found, please check if there is the same problem in the previous release.

#### _How to become one_

- Check the forum ([Development](https://forums.triplea-game.org/category/60/development)) whether release testing
  is ongoing
- Download & install the [latest release](https://github.com/triplea-game/triplea/releases)
- Test: We generally need every aspect of the game tested, i.e. every button, every menu, every setting,
  every game rule, etc.
- Report any issues found to the [issue tracker](https://github.com/triplea-game/triplea/issues)

### :moneybag: Donor

#### _Skillset_

- Money left in a PayPal account

#### _Contributions_

- Finance the server and hosting costs of TripleA

#### _How to become one_

- [Donate](https://www.paypalobjects.com/en_US/i/btn/btn_donateCC_LG.gif) what you can share

### :golf: Map Maker

#### _Skillset_

- Basic knowledge of [XML](https://www.w3schools.com/XML/)
- Using a text editing tool like [Notepad++](https://notepad-plus-plus.org/downloads/)
- Graphic designer, i.e., creation of image files with advanced image editing software
- Using a raster image program like [paint.NET](https://www.getpaint.net/) or Adobe Photoshop to produce baseTiles.pngs 
  and reliefTiles.pngs
- Use vector software like [Inkscape Project](https://inkscape.org/) to produce baseTiles.pngs or the extra image
  layers on top of reliefTiles.pngs
- Icon image program like [IcoFx 1.6.4](http://www.oldversion.com/windows/icofx-1-6-4) to produce units

#### _Contributions_

- Update existing maps ([how-to](map-making/how-to/updating-existing-maps.md))
- Create and upload new maps ([how-to](map-making/how-to/uploading-a-map-to-triplea.md))

#### _How to become one_

https://github.com/triplea-game/triplea/tree/master/docs/map-making
- Check the documentation on [map-making](map-making)

### :trident: Map Admin

#### _Skillset_

- Basic knowledge of [XML](https://www.w3schools.com/XML/)
- Graphic designer, i.e., creation of image files with advanced image editing software

#### _Contributions_

- Update existing maps ([how-to](map-making/how-to/updating-existing-maps.md))
- Organize maps (categorize, remove broken ones, etc.)

#### _How to become one_

- Read the [Map Maker Guides & Documentation](https://forums.triplea-game.org/topic/2600/map-maker-guides-documentation)
  and check the documentation on [map-making](map-making)
- Get in contact with an existing map admin from
  the [list of map admins](https://github.com/orgs/triplea-maps/teams/mapadmins/members)

### :book: Rule Expert

#### _Skillset_

- Expert rules knowledge of some core game rules (v1-v6)

#### _Contributions_

- Answer rule questions on Github and on the forum
- Report rules related bugs to Github
- Approve/Deny rules related Github issues
- Investigate deeper to allow rules compliant implementation
- Check results of rules related pull requests (resulting pre-releases) for rules compliance 

#### _How to become one_

- Show your expertise by answering related questions on Github or the forum, then ... 
- ... be appointed by the forum admin team

### :speech_balloon: Lobby Moderator

#### _Skillset_

- Have interpersonal skills to communicate with users in a non-confrontational manner.

#### _Contributions_

- Answer lobby user questions
- Help provide a fun and safe lobby experience for all users
- Discipline inappropriate user behaviour

#### _How to become one_

- Be sponsored by an existing moderator and added by a [:hammer: Developer with Merge Rights](#hammer-Developer-with-Merge-Rights).

### :bulb: Issue Manager

#### _Skillset_

- GitHub account
- Basic knowledge of GitHub (Web) workflow
- Expertise on one or more of these spheres: user software support, rules, game workflow, coding 

#### _Contributions_

- Analyze issues regarding their validity 
- Accept or deny issues
- Sort valid issues according to their priority

#### _How to become one_

- Be appointed by a developer with merge rights

### :wrench: Developer w/o Merge Rights

#### _Skillset_

- Experience with object-oriented programming (preferable in Java)
- GitHub account to contribute

#### _Contributions_

- Bug fixing
- Implementing new features
- Code cleaning
- Code review
- Design decisions

#### _How to become one_

- [Setup your system](https://github.com/triplea-game/triplea/tree/master/docs/development/how-to/ide-setup) and check
  our [development processes](https://github.com/triplea-game/triplea/tree/master/docs/development/reference/dev-process)

### :hammer: Developer with Merge Rights

#### _Skillset_

- Extensive work as [Developer w/o merge rights](#wrench-Developer-wo-merge-rights)

#### _Contributions_

- Developer coordination
- Code review
- Implementing new features
- Bug fixing
- Code cleaning
- Design decisions

#### _How to become one_

- Start as [:wrench: Developer w/o Merge Rights](#wrench-Developer-wo-Merge-Rights) and gain knowledge and trust
  in carefully working on our project

Commit message:

Fix issue #13225 (contribute links) (#13237)
* Fix issue #13225 (link)

Invalid link in the "How to contribute to Triplea"

file docs/contribute.md 

"Donor" Part:
The "donate" link under "How to become one" led to a .gif instead of a website ro donate.

"Map Admin" Part:
The "list of map admins" link led to a invlid github page.

"Developer w/o Merge Rights" Part:
The "development process" link under "How to become one" led to a invalid file "docs/development/reference/dev-process"

* Link Developer Setup Guide in contribute.md

Update contribute.md

docs/contribute.md, after:

# How to contribute to Triplea

TripleA is a community project and always looking for new members to join.

If you are interested in supporting the project, just pick a contribution
role from below and find out what you can do to help.

## Contribution Roles

### Overview

- [:game_die: Player](#game_die-Player)
- [:mag: Release Tester](#game_die-Release-Tester)
- [:moneybag: Donor](#moneybag-Donor)
- [:golf: Map Maker](#golf-Map-Maker)
- [:trident: Map Admin](#trident-Map-Admin)
- [:book: Rule Expert](#book-Rule-Expert)
- [:speech_balloon: Lobby Moderator](#speech_balloon-Lobby-Moderator)
- [:bulb: Issue Manager](#bulb-Issue-Manager)
- [:wrench: Developer w/o Merge Rights](#wrench-Developer-wo-Merge-Rights)
- [:hammer: Developer with Merge Rights](#hammer-Developer-with-Merge-Rights)

### :game_die: Player

#### _Skillset_

- No requirements

#### _Contributions_

- Participate in the lobby or the [forum](https://forums.triplea-game.org/)
- Test
  and [report bugs](https://github.com/triplea-game/triplea/issues/new?assignees=&labels=Problem&template=problem_report.md&title=)
  on GitHub

#### _How to become one_

- [Download](https://triplea-game.org/) TripleA and play

### :mag: Release Tester

#### _Skillset_

- No requirements

#### _Contributions_

- Especially for new releases test
  and [report bugs](https://github.com/triplea-game/triplea/issues/new?assignees=&labels=Problem&template=problem_report.md&title=)
  on GitHub, **BUT**: For any problems found, please check if there is the same problem in the previous release.

#### _How to become one_

- Check the forum ([Development](https://forums.triplea-game.org/category/60/development)) whether release testing
  is ongoing
- Download & install the [latest release](https://github.com/triplea-game/triplea/releases)
- Test: We generally need every aspect of the game tested, i.e. every button, every menu, every setting,
  every game rule, etc.
- Report any issues found to the [issue tracker](https://github.com/triplea-game/triplea/issues)

### :moneybag: Donor

#### _Skillset_

- Money left in a PayPal account

#### _Contributions_

- Finance the server and hosting costs of TripleA

#### _How to become one_

- [![PayPal donation icon](https://www.paypalobjects.com/en_US/i/btn/btn_donateCC_LG.gif)](https://www.paypal.com/donate?token=WFUEUa_Q4Zsq1NOF97Vhe_qVPoqCoj7ZtSAegmMdX6uAt7sziJKO1swbSjYnfEr9lDdAp6dDZNOh4DA8)

### :golf: Map Maker

#### _Skillset_

- Basic knowledge of [XML](https://www.w3schools.com/XML/)
- Using a text editing tool like [Notepad++](https://notepad-plus-plus.org/downloads/)
- Graphic designer, i.e., creation of image files with advanced image editing software
- Using a raster image program like [paint.NET](https://www.getpaint.net/) or Adobe Photoshop to produce baseTiles.pngs 
  and reliefTiles.pngs
- Use vector software like [Inkscape Project](https://inkscape.org/) to produce baseTiles.pngs or the extra image
  layers on top of reliefTiles.pngs
- Icon image program like [IcoFx 1.6.4](http://www.oldversion.com/windows/icofx-1-6-4) to produce units

#### _Contributions_

- Update existing maps ([how-to](map-making/how-to/updating-existing-maps.md))
- Create and upload new maps ([how-to](map-making/how-to/uploading-a-map-to-triplea.md))

#### _How to become one_

https://github.com/triplea-game/triplea/tree/master/docs/map-making
- Check the documentation on [map-making](map-making)

### :trident: Map Admin

#### _Skillset_

- Basic knowledge of [XML](https://www.w3schools.com/XML/)
- Graphic designer, i.e., creation of image files with advanced image editing software

#### _Contributions_

- Update existing maps ([how-to](map-making/how-to/updating-existing-maps.md))
- Organize maps (categorize, remove broken ones, etc.)

#### _How to become one_

- Read the [Map Maker Guides & Documentation](https://forums.triplea-game.org/topic/2600/map-maker-guides-documentation)
  and check the documentation on [map-making](map-making)
- Get in contact with an existing map admin from
  the [list of map admins](https://github.com/orgs/triplea-maps/people)

### :book: Rule Expert

#### _Skillset_

- Expert rules knowledge of some core game rules (v1-v6)

#### _Contributions_

- Answer rule questions on Github and on the forum
- Report rules related bugs to Github
- Approve/Deny rules related Github issues
- Investigate deeper to allow rules compliant implementation
- Check results of rules related pull requests (resulting pre-releases) for rules compliance 

#### _How to become one_

- Show your expertise by answering related questions on Github or the forum, then ... 
- ... be appointed by the forum admin team

### :speech_balloon: Lobby Moderator

#### _Skillset_

- Have interpersonal skills to communicate with users in a non-confrontational manner.

#### _Contributions_

- Answer lobby user questions
- Help provide a fun and safe lobby experience for all users
- Discipline inappropriate user behaviour

#### _How to become one_

- Be sponsored by an existing moderator and added by a [:hammer: Developer with Merge Rights](#hammer-Developer-with-Merge-Rights).

### :bulb: Issue Manager

#### _Skillset_

- GitHub account
- Basic knowledge of GitHub (Web) workflow
- Expertise on one or more of these spheres: user software support, rules, game workflow, coding 

#### _Contributions_

- Analyze issues regarding their validity 
- Accept or deny issues
- Sort valid issues according to their priority

#### _How to become one_

- Be appointed by a developer with merge rights

### :wrench: Developer w/o Merge Rights

#### _Skillset_

- Experience with object-oriented programming (preferable in Java)
- GitHub account to contribute

#### _Contributions_

- Bug fixing
- Implementing new features
- Code cleaning
- Code review
- Design decisions

#### _How to become one_

- Read and follow the [Developer Setup Guide](https://github.com/triplea-game/triplea/blob/master/docs/development/README.md)

### :hammer: Developer with Merge Rights

#### _Skillset_

- Extensive work as [Developer w/o merge rights](#wrench-Developer-wo-merge-rights)

#### _Contributions_

- Developer coordination
- Code review
- Implementing new features
- Bug fixing
- Code cleaning
- Design decisions

#### _How to become one_

- Start as [:wrench: Developer w/o Merge Rights](#wrench-Developer-wo-Merge-Rights) and gain knowledge and trust
  in carefully working on our project
